---
title: Daily note for 2022-08-10
status: Early
sureness: Low
---
# Daily note for 2022-08-10
- Taking mom to the airport
	- I've got strange feelings about all this, but don't really know how to quantify them.
	- Sad to see her go. She keeps trying to convince me and Kate to move to Washington, and it's better than here. Maybe we should give Vancouver a shot?
		- Part of me wants to tell mum not to sell the boat and take over paying for its upkeep so that I can have it eventually. IDK, tho. Haven't mentioned that to Mum, tho. It's a small part of me that, I think, mostly wants to hold on to it for sentimental reasons. Mum needs a smaller boat, if she needs one at all.
	- Miss my sister, but can't really get behind the way she's raising the girls, and while I could put that behind us and just move on Kate can't.
		- Mum seems to be on the same page about this, which is odd.
- Working on the thin section search
	- Feels like I've been working on it forever. 
	- More great revisions from Liz.
		- Should've drug her into the design phase
- Failed my code test with Automattic
	- Was really excited about it and thought I did well
		- This must be how normal people feel when they do bad on tests
	- Writing about my need to respond to the feedback was enough to get me to do it. I wonder how often in my life this is the case, and a little meditation or writing could get me the motivation to do hard things. It wasn't as tho I even thought of it that way, just shining a light on what I needed to do was enough.